# 14-3-3_BindingSites
We're trying to define predictive features of 14-3-3-binding phosphorylations to differentiate these from the rest of the non-binding 14-3-3 phosphorylations that occur across the proteome. 

The cancer-causing protein 14-3-3 interacts with a network of other proteins to drive tumor growth. All of the 14-3-3 interactions are triggered by a type of protein modification called "phosphorylation" which occurs when a site on the protein interacts with 14-3-3. Phosphorylations are, effectively, switches that can, in specific instances, trigger 14-3-3 binding. 14-3-3 then regulates the protein in a way that can convert a normal cell to a cancer cell.  There are hundreds of thousands of potential phosphorylation sites across the "proteome" (jargon term used to refer to the entire set of proteins in an organism) and only a relatively small subset of these phosphorylation sites interact with 14-3-3. We're trying to define predictive features of 14-3-3-binding phosphorylations to differentiate these from the rest of the non-binding 14-3-3 phosphorylations that occur across the proteome. If we can accurately predict the phosphorylations that trigger 14-3-3 binding, we can 1) gain an understanding of how 14-3-3 promotes cancer growth; 2) identify new therapeutic targets; and 3) save time and money in trying to laboriously identify these phosphorylations through trial and error in the wet lab (an extremely costly endeavor).  Our hypothesis is that 14-3-3-binding phosphorylation sites 1) occur in regions of high "intrinsic disorder" (you can think of disordered regions of proteins as more floppy and loose than structured regions, which tend to be rigid and well ordered); 2) occur within specific amino acid sequences; and 3) tend to be more frequently identified in unbiased mass spectrometry studies. So we'd predict that 14-3-3 binding phosphorylations, on average, will score higher for these features than the non-binding phopshorylations.
